CFE-640: Add the EDNS resource limitation details (#52586)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-external-dns-operator.adoc

NAME                    READY     UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
external-dns-operator   1/1       1            1           23h
----

> == External DNS Operator domain name limitations

Reviewer: This is not a strong opinion but maybe this chapter can be moved to the bottom, after the operator logs' chapter.

Author: Addressed

> 

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding some context of why the limit is there, something similar to the code repository's README:
```
ExternalDNS Operator uses the TXT registry which implies the usage of the new format and the prefix for the TXT records. This reduces the maximum length of the domain name for the TXT records.
Since the TXT record accompanies every DNS record, there cannot be a DNS record without a corresponding TXT record, therefore the DNS record's domain name gets hit by the same limit.
```

Author: Addressed

> The External DNS Operator domain name has the following limitations:

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding the same text as in the code repository:
```
```

> The External DNS Operator domain name has the following limitations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The domain name of the DNS records generated by External DNS Operator has the following limitations:
```

[cols="3a,8a",options="header"]
|===
|Record type |Number of characters

|CNAME
|44

|Wildcard CNAME records on AzureDNS
|42

|A
|48

|Wildcard A records on AzureDNS
|46

|===

> If the name of the External DNS service does not match with the External DNS domain name limitation, the External DNS service resource gives the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the domain name generated by External DNS exceeds the domain name limitation, the External DNS instance gives the following error:
```

Author: Addressed

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n external-dns-operator logs external-dns-aws-7ddbd9c7f8-2jqjh <1>
----

> <1> The `external-dns-aws-7ddbd9c7f8-2jqjh` parameter specifies the name of the External DNS service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The `external-dns-aws-7ddbd9c7f8-2jqjh` parameter specifies the name of the External DNS POD.
```

Author: Addressed
